
Weekly reflection, 1
What do I want to learn or understand better?
As scrum is a new approach to working on projects for us, the main focus during the early
phase of the course will be to familiarize ourselves with what it entails. At this stage, it’s
difficult to specify any other goals, as this week has been mostly about introduction to the
subject at hand. Once actual work has been started on the actual task, specifying clear weekly
learning goals will become easier.

 How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
As mentioned above, work at this point consists mostly of familiarizing oneself with the
scrum approach. The group will work together in ensuring that each member develops a
reasonable level of understanding, thus enabling everyone to contribute to the finished
product.

 What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
Once I’ve become more familiar with the details, I’ll be able to answer this more
appropriately. For now, it’s as mentioned all about developing a stable base of understanding.

 What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Ensuring that I fulfil my end of the social contract put forth by the group, by going through
this week’s slides and participating in the building game – thus bringing me up to speed on
the ideas presented.

Weekly reflection, 2
What do I want to learn or understand better?
With the project introduced, I’m mostly focused on understanding the logistics and mechanics of how a harbour operates. Being well-informed on how the problem situation works is key in developing an application that actually causes improvement to the system.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
The whole group is more or less working on the same thing – knowledge building – at the moment. Therefore, cooperation is mostly about ensuring everyone is on the same page and caught up with the status of the project. My part in this will be the same as everyone else’s – helping out if anyone is having trouble grasping parts of the discussion.

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
As with last week, it’s difficult to concretely specify this part just yet, as the project up until this point has been all about studying literature to grasp the project as a whole. This question will come more into play as the project is split up into separate tasks.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I believe I’ve lived up to my promise from last week by studying scrum to better understand the mechanics of it. Until next report, it’s all about continuing to study as much as possible, regarding the problem situation and harbour logistics. 

Weekly reflection, 3

What do I want to learn or understand better?
I’d like to clearly define my role in the team with regards to the roles set up during this
week’s sprint. Also, once we’ve met up with the client, the problem situation should finally
become clear and we can begin really attacking the issue. Start familiarizing with the code
app.

 How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
As with last week, the whole group has mostly been working together on the same issue – this
time getting the programming software to function. With the newly established roles, we
should finally be able to start working more individually on different sections of the problem.

 What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
Once again, the individual contribution is difficult to quantify as the group has been working
together as one unit. Ensuring that the software starts working is of the highest priority as of
right now.

 What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I’ve probably been a bit less active than some of the other team members this week, as I left
for a vacation towards the end of the week. Before then, I was part of the group’s effort to
move the project forward. Since I’ll be away for most of next week, my productivity will be
put on hold for now, but I will make sure to return with full focus once I’m back from my


Weekly reflection 4

What do I want to learn or understand better?
I’ve spent the whole week on vacation, away from Gothenburg, my computer, and the project.
As a result, I haven’t made any progress in my knowledge of the course area this week.

 How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
By the same logic as above, I obviously haven’t been able to help out with this during the
week. I’ve been available for messages, but that’s about it.

 What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
No work done, so obviously no contribution toward the scrum application either.

 What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Nothing really, for obvious reasons. Next week I will be back and focusing whole-heartedly
on being as helpful as possible in the team’s efforts to continue the project.
