Weekly reflection - Alexander, week 4


What do I want to learn or understand better?

At the moment, I would like to learn and understand the project better. I have basically only played around with the app we were given to install on our computers. I basically know that our project has to do with the effectivisation of communication between stakeholders in the marine transport business, but thats nothing new since last week. We will improve an app in regards to a specific stakeholder that we were given, also old information. We have not met the stakeholder, but at least our group has made user stories, which made the project a little bit clearer for me. I hope that after the meeting with the client, and playing around with the source code of the original application togeher with the group, as well as setting up common goals and decomposing source code with the group, that things will become clearer.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

At this point now much is known about what we should aim towards with the project. Therefore there is not much more to do other than dig into the course literature and hopefully gain a better understanding of marine transport as well as scrum, git, and vision. This has not changed since last week. However, I was one of the first in my group to install the app successfully, so I have helped my other groupmates install the app on their computers.


What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?

This week there wasn’t much new work other than creating user stories. I contributed to my teams scrumming by writing a part of the team reflection, as well as reflecting on the project introduction with my team after the course, just like last week.


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 

At this point we have no specific delivery goals set out. Hopefully next week we will have them, after we speak with our customer. Hopefully we will speak to the customer next week.

