What do I want to learn or understand better?
I would like to understand quite a few things at this point. First of all I want to get more acquainted to SCRUM, and using it effectively in a group situation, so it doesn't just become something that is set aside after the first group meeting. Secondly, I would like to learn more about the objectives during this course. The lectures gave a brief introduction to how we will be assessed, but I am still uncertain regarding what the 16 specific topics in the lecture are, and how to effectively get a good grade in the course.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
At this point, my previous knowledge of HTML programming is the only unique knowledge I can contribute to the group. I do have knowledge in java and database programming, but I read those courses together with the other group members. If I notice that someone needs or wants help, I will always offer it!

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
At this point our group has only done a LEGO scrum exercise, where I took the role of "factory worker" and "communicator", by building one part of the product, and asking the customer details about the product.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation).
My contribution towards the team so far (except the above described role in the LEGO exercise) is writing the group contract. My learning objective for next week is to learn more about scrum and use it properly, as well as get acquainted with the course litterature.
