Weekly reflection, week 1

What do I want to learn or understand better?

I want to further deepen my knowledge about Scrum, in order to get a clear picture of how the project will be organized and how to utilise the Scrum framework to its fullest potential. Furthermore, I also would like to know more about the project and its scope. However, it is not possible at this time, as the introductional lecture about this will be held next Wednesday. Hopefully, we will get a interesting project to work with and to further develop our programming skills. On top of that, the project will also help me to develop further skills in cooperation with my teammates and planning and executing a bigger project. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

When the project is at its starting pits, the most useful thing I can provide my teammates with is information about Scrum and other topics relating to project work and how to organize projects. As of now, our knowledge about Scrum is scarce, and reading more about this topic and sharing it with my teammates will provide us with a still ground to stand on. Thus, with this mindset, the project can be correctly executed and planned.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
As of right now, with the project in its starting pits, the application of scrum has not yet taken place. Therefore, I have not, in that sense, yet contributed to the team’s application of scrum. However, I have shared interesting articles about scrum and the application of it to my teammates in our chat group on Facebook. So, with that in mind, I have indirect contributed to the team’s application of scrum. I have also helped in setting up the github repository, together with my teammates. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
With this being the first reflection, and thus the first week, I have not yet achieved anything in relation to last week’s ambitions. Therefore, I will skip this part and move on to what I want to achieve next week, together with my learning objectives. 
For next week as learning objectives, I would like to further deepen my knowledge about scrum (as it is of great value to know about in order for the project to be successful), how Github works (for the project to be successful, I want to be able to use the full powers of Github to the project’s advantage) and also get to know our project’s scope (to get a clear picture of what is to come). In order to deepen my knowledge in scrum, I will read as much about it as possible. Furthemore, to learn Github, I will explore the platform as much as I can and seek out the different tools built in the platform. 
As of now, the current situation is that we do not really know what our project’s scope is. However, when that has been clarified, I will try to find out as much as possible about the subject in matter. With that as a solid ground to stand on, I will be more prepared to start the programming part of the project. 



Weekly reflection, week 2

What do I want to learn or understand better?

In the upcoming week, I want to be able to better understand the project, the client and how the the application PortableCDM works both. As of right now, it is not clear of what the client wants from the application. In order to develop a technical understanding of the application, I will need to look at the codebase and try to understand how everything works and also look at the behaviour of the application and relate that to the code. On top of this, I also want to start processing the goal of the application schematically and try to see opportunities of further developing the application for the specified needs of the client. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

As I mentioned above, the project is still unclear to a very large extent. Therefore, my mission next week is to help me and my companions to better understand the project and the application. For instance, as I mentioned above, try to understand the technical sides of the application and share ideas of how it can be further developed. 
What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
With last week’s work in mind and the sharing of relevant articles, I now tried to further develop the use of scrum in our day-to-day activities. For instance, when we got our client, we tried to narrow it down to elements. As Håkan said on Wednesday’s lecture, in building the best application that has ever existed, we first need to have milestones following our journey towards the best application on this planet. Therefore, I am starting to developing milestones to move the project forward. These milestones will be sufficient for us in seeing progress during the lifespan of this project. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 

Relating back to last week’s learning objectives, I can now say that I have developed my knowledge about Scrum and I can now understand it more fully, both practically and theoretically. As always, it can be furthered developed and I will continue to develop my scrum-skills in the upcoming week, predominately by using scrum more in practice as the project progresses. Another objective I had was to understand Github more. With regards to this, I think I am getting the hang of Github and how I create text files etc. Still, more things can be learned and I will develop my understanding of Github by using it more over the coming week. 

Having the project’s scope in mind, which was another objective from last week, I can honestly say that I am a bit disappointed in the lecture that was supposed to introduce the project to us. It is still unclear what the actual scope of the project is. However, what we do know now, is that our client is a terminal and with this in mind, next week I want to learn more about how a terminal operates and how I can create value for the terminal (and thus the client) in the application. This relates back to my answer in the first question, in order to provide a thoughtful approach to the specific needs of the client, I will try to learn as much as possible about the application and its surroundings, both technically and theoretically.  

