the chosen scope of the application under development including priority of features and for whom you are creating value
As of now, we don’t have a fully clarified scope of the application yet. However, what we do have is a specified client that we will work together with. In our case, the client functions as a terminal. In other words, our client is responsible for handling vessels both departing and arriving. Today, we don’t have a contact person assigned and therefore we have not made a priority of features, as we are not aware of the prefered values and features that the client is expecting from the application. In the introduction to the project, we were told to create a user story on our own. This, we will finish after Easter, when we have processed the project and its scope a bit more, thus being more full-fledged when creating the user story.

your social contract, which means you should create one in the first week
Last week we wrote our social contract. We wish to adhere to the details in the contract. We will do this by creating a very friendly group dynamic, as stated in our contract. 
As of this week, we have not yet encountered any difficulties regarding the group dynamics etc. Therefore, the social contract remains the same as last week’s. However, if the group starts to perform worse when the actual project and coding begins, we will be inclined to change and develop the contract with that in mind. Thus, it is something to keep in mind, that if the circumstances alters and the social contract needs to be furthered developed, the social contract is a tool to improve the dynamics of the group. Also, the social contract will work as an incentive for everyone to do their respective work and not to break the contract. Hopefully, we will not encounter this.

the success criteria for the team in terms of what you want to achieve with your application
We have as of now been introduced to the project, but we still don’t know about the specifications, other than that it should satisfy the terminal operators demands. As we have yet to be introduced to the terminal operators demands, we don’t have any success criteria. The way forward is to meet with the terminal operator and ask him for his specifications as well as the technical specifications required by the PortableCDM framework.

your acceptance tests, such as how they were performed and with whom
We have been introduced to the project, although we haven’t started working with it yet. We have therefore not yet formulated any acceptance tests.

the design of your application (choice of APIs, architecture patterns etc)
Now we have been introduced to the project in a lecture explaining an overview of the problem and some information about what our purpose is. The fact that Easter is approaching and that we haven’t been introduced to our contact person made it difficult for us to start the process of planning the application. Our ambition for the week after the break is to meet our contact person and get familiar with the options we have. Until then we will dig into some of the litterature and read the scenario in the GitHub repository.

the behavioural overview of your application (for instance through use cases, interaction diagrams or similar)
Kind of the same as the previous topic. At this moment we know a bit about what the application as a whole should be able to do. However we don’t know specifics concerning expected behaviour and demands. Our intentions are to map the suggested and wanted functions and pair these with the proper behaviour. To move forward with this we will study the subject and the scenario so that we are prepared to meet our contact person and get the most out of our first meeting.

the structural overview of your application (such as class diagrams, domain models or component diagrams)
At this stage we have been introduced to the project. At the moment it seems very unclear in what our task is. We are supposed to meet with our “customers” the week after the easter break. Hopefully things will become clearer at that point, but for now, we do not have a clear enough view to design any class diagrams, domain models, or component diagrams.

your user stories in terms of using a standard pattern, acceptance criteria, task breakdown and effort estimation
At this stage we have been introduced to the project. However, we are only meeting our “customers” the week after the easter break, which means that user stories for now seem to be quite a fruitless pursuit, since we don’t know our task or goal. Therefore, we will wait until our meeting with the customer, and hopefully after that things will become clearer in regards to this topic.

the three KPIs you use for monitoring your progress
We got introduced to the project this week but we still haven’t had the chance to get acquainted with the codebase we will be working with or the client we will be working for. We have been reading course literature though and have since identified two potential KPIs, one of which we can already start using. The first one is individual hours per week spent on the project and the other would be a burndown-chart of our backlog. The goal is to put in an average of 20 hours per week during the course period and keep the burndown-chart line as straight as possible, once we have established a backlog. For next week we want to have our third KPI ready and reach our goals with the other two (one for this week, since we haven’t started coding yet). The amount of hours spent is currently tracked in a shared excel file. We will find our third KPI by reading the literature, but we do think it will become much clearer when we know what we actually are going to do for this project.

code quality using a tool such as Findbugs (1 point if your code includes issues concerning correctness or bad style, 2 points if you have dodgy or performance issues and 3 points if the code is fine), only asses the code you have written yourself
Very similar to last week. We still haven’t started coding so we still don’t have any bugs to find. We have determined Findbugs to be a viable alternative though and will be using it once we start coding. Our goal is to have as few bugs as possible in the coming week, when the project actually starts. We will do this by carefully planning and finding the optimal high-level solutions before we start coding.

the roles you have used within the team
Since last week we have talked about implementing and distributing different roles. The project has been introduced briefly and roles will help the working process and increase the working efficiency. Right after the easter break we will talk about the distribution of different roles.

the agile practices you have used for the current sprint
Last week we got introduced to Scrum as a technique, which will be our main agile methodology. Some practices were mentioned in the lectures (XP etc.), and for the next coming weeks we would like to find out which of those practices that are appropriate to use.  

The time you have spent on the course (so keep track of your hours so you can describe the current situation)
Once again, we’ve dedicated around 15h to the course during this week. As the project is still in its starting tracks, it’s only logical that the full 20h recommendation is not fulfilled. When the actual development and implementation begins, more resources will likely be required to stay on schedule.

The sprint review (either in terms of outcome of the current week's exercise or meeting the product owner)
This week, some working time has been spent attending the two lectures given in relation to the course - with the purpose of increasing the base knowledge for the project. In addition, the mechanics of how a harbour operates has been researched, as well as further work on understanding how to optimally utilize Scrum.
best practices for using new tools and technologies (IDEs, version control, scrum boards etc.)

According to “Scrum and XP from the Trenches” a good way to manage the backlog is using a shared google sheets. Therefore we have created one in our drive that we can later start using, though until we have our first backlog refinement/sprint meeting we’re not really going to use it. Apart from that nothing has really changed from last week.

relation to literature and guest lectures (how do your reflections relate to what others have to say?)
We still haven’t had any guest lectures or literature reviews so we can not reflect on them. However what we can do is the literature on the course-website ourselves to prepare ourselves for the guest lectures and that way be able discuss/reflect on the differences we find. Once we learn more about the project we will also start reflecting on how it relates to the literature we have read.

