the chosen scope of the application under development including priority of features and for whom you are creating value
In this stage we haven't been introduced to the project. We wish to be able to clearly define the scope of the application, including priority of features and definition of the user we are creating value for. The first step in order to do this would be to attend the introduction lecture on wednesday next week. Here we will gain useful insights in the upcoming project, as well as a scope of the application to be created. 

your social contract, which means you should create one in the first week
This week we wrote our social contract. We wish to adhere to the details in the contract. We will do this by creating a very friendly group dynamic. 

the success criteria for the team in terms of what you want to achieve with your application
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project. Our success criteria will be based on the project specification, thus this is a part of our weekly reflection that will be further explained in the upcoming weeks.

your acceptance tests, such as how they were performed and with whom
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project and don’t know what acceptance tests are. We would like to know what acceptance tests are. We will do this by googling, reading course literature and attending lectures.

the design of your application (choice of APIs, architecture patterns etc)
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project yet. The design is an important aspect, meaning we will put a lot of time to achieve a design with high standard.

the behavioural overview of your application (for instance through use cases, interaction diagrams or similar)
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project. When we know more about the project we will be able to set up some specifications, therefore we want to know more. To do this we will participate at the lecture about the project in order to get to know the assignment. 

the structural overview of your application (such as class diagrams, domain models or component diagrams)
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project. When we have a good grasp on the project we will make detailed class diagrams. We will to this by drawing on knowledge from previous courses.

your user stories in terms of using a standard pattern, acceptance criteria, task breakdown and effort estimation
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project. When we know more about the assignment we can break it down in order to plan the project. So, we will wait for the project introduction and go from there.

the three KPIs you use for monitoring your progress
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project. This means that it will be hard to determine which KPI’s that will be appropriate. Our goal is to determine three reasonable KPI’s that will probably change during the weeks. To get there we need to learn about the project and literature to be able to determine the KPI’s.

code quality using a tool such as Findbugs (1 point if your code includes issues concerning correctness or bad style, 2 points if you have dodgy or performance issues and 3 points if the code is fine), only asses the code you have written yourself
At this stage we haven’t been introduced to the project and we are not familiar with Findbugs or any similar tool. As such, at least our code doesn’t contain any bugs, wihoo! Our goal is to get to know these tools and learn how to use them. To do this we will browse what alternatives there are and be all ears during the lectures.

the roles you have used within the team
Since the project has not started yet it is hard to distribute roles within the group. Having eight people working on the same project we would save a lot of time and increase efficiency if we distribute clear roles. Our objective is to distribute clear roles. 

the agile practices you have used for the current sprint
This week we’ve been introduced to scrum as a technique. For the coming weeks we wish to get to know other practices which are appropriate to use. Hopefully the coming lectures and exercises will give some insight as to where we are heading. 

the time you have spent on the course (so keep track of your hours so you can describe the current situation)
We’ve spent 15 hours on the course during this week. Our goal is to put in 20 hours a week with some flexibility from week to week. To achieve this we are going to create an excel document where we can put down our hours worked each day. Also, when we get to know the project it will be easier to schedule our time. 

the sprint review (either in terms of outcome of the current week's exercise or meeting the product owner)
During the Lego exercise we realized the importance of sprint reviews. Although we assume that the sprint reviews during the actual project will be of a different character The sprint review was important in order to adjust the work tempo.

best practices for using new tools and technologies (IDEs, version control, scrum boards etc.)
Version control - Git
Scrum - Github
We would like to adopt the industry standards, and we will do it by researching on google and through course literature.

relation to literature and guest lectures (how do your reflections relate to what others have to say?)
We haven’t yet had any guest lectures or literature reviews. In the future we would like to be able to relate them to our work. We will do this by attending the lectures.

