what do I want to learn or understand better?
Now: I now feel confident in understanding the structure of the app. Writing in JavaScript has now, towards the end, become much easier 
once I started coding and getting familiar with the language. The use of React Native, which was unclear in the beginning, has cleared and 
it now seems like a great tool instead of an obstacle. All in all, in the beginning there were a lot of problems and obstacles but they 
have disappeared for the most part. There are, though, some aspects that I do not understand but accept them as they are, like how expo 
updates the app automatically.
Goal: My main goal right now is figuring out how I can apply the knowledge I've gained on another project. This applies both to the 
technical stuff but also the process of scrum. 
How: By wrapping it all up together with my team members I hope to get an understanding of the project as a whole and what lessons
to learn from it.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Now: In the previous sprint I wrote that we all learn different aspects of both the application and the working process. I stand by that
and will elaborate on how to share the knowledge. I have done this by sharing what I've learn and how to solve different issues that I've
run into that I think others also might have. Another aspect of learning is to listen to my team members to see what I may answer that
they are wondering about and learning new stuff that they can tell me. 
Goal: My goal is to continue working in this way. As I am learning new things I will try to share the knowledge as I go.
How: By listening to others I can get a better understanding of I can help and how to get help.

what is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
Now: In order to be effective in our work I am involved in our meetings and reflect on previous sprints so that the next one
may be better. I have talked to the product owners when we needed to ask something as well as in group talking to Jan-Philipp about the 
work process. I have tried to focus more on scrum during the latest sprint. 
Goal: I want to get better at reviewing and reflecting over past sprints. We have a lot to learn from earlier in the project and we need
to take action to improve the final sprints. As the project is approaching an end we need to try to gather all knowledge we've gained
to finish the last sprint in the best way possible.
How: Trying to steer the group meetings towards reviews and reflections before we continue planning the coming sprint.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Now: Trying to balance learning of scrum and programming the app has been a challange. I have focused more on coding although I've been 
active in our scrum meetings and our scrum progress. I feel that I contribute in a balanced way which is made easier as we in the group
have a well functioning atmosphere.
Goal: To write good code effektively and maintain contact with the product owners, terminal guy and the other terminal group.
How: By maintaining good communication and get better at applying scrum in the work. Also by putting as lot of effort in the last sprint 
now when the bachelor's thesis is handed in.
