what do I want to learn or understand better?
Right now I have a very shallow understanding of the problem we are supposed to solve and the current codebase. I want to understand the codebase we are working with better, meaning the whole PortableCDM repo and all components used for it along with our specific case, the Terminals point of view. I will do this by reading through some of the code and reading the scenario.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I feel like no one really has a good grasp of the project at this moment. So, the best thing I could do for the team would be what I wrote above; to understand the problem and codebase we will be working with better, so I can assist in explaining it to my team. I wrote above how this will be done.

what is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
Since we still haven’t had the chance to meet with our client and therefore haven’t been able to establish a backlog, we haven’t really started to apply scrum fully. Our scrum backlog has no items in it either and everyone is just trying to learn about Github, the project and so on, so we do not have any structured team-backlog for this week, we will have one for next week (two weeks actually since it is easter) though when the project “actually” starts. We do have the reflection of our processes at the end of the week though, which is still kind of weak, since we are just learning stuff and not actually coding. We are starting to discuss roles and so forth in the team thought. Next week we want to have clear roles and a clear backlog and will do it by discussing our strengths and weaknesses internally as well as meeting with the client (assuming we already have a good understanding of the project).

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation).
Last week I wrote down learning Git as my objective along with getting a better insight into the project. I feel like I understand Git and Github well enough right now, but do not feel like the lecture this wednesday was enough for me to understand the whole project. My goal and path to the goal for next week is exactly the same as in the first answer furthest up on the page.
