What do I want to learn or understand better?

Where I am: This week, on Monday, we met up with the customer who gave us useful information about what kinds of extensions to the application he’s expecting. We discussed the different epics and contributed the user stories within the group. I feel like I have enough knowledge about how Trello works to implement it in a correct way. I’ve also taken a in depth look of the application and code; some parts of the code are easier to understand than other parts.

Where I want to be: My main priority for this upcoming week/sprint is to gain more knowledge about JavaScript and analyze the code so I know which parts I need to add or remove parts of to achieve the goal of my user story.

How to get there: Be experimental and try to analyze the code, ask team members if needed. Also, read literature about JavaScript.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

Where I am: This week I shared knowledge about the codebase and application. Konrad and Arvid set up the shared repository and I read about how to use gitignore and shared that knowledge to some group members. 

Where I want to be: Be able to help team members and Konrad with the work on the user stories.

How to get there: Improve my knowledge and work together with Konrad and mutually learn from each other to complete our user story in the best possible way.

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?

Where I am: Right after the meeting on Monday, we got together and discussed epics and user stories. We also discussed how they should be prioritized. We refined and added some new user stories in line with what the customer asked for. Two days later, on Wednesday, we initiated our first sprint working (coding) on the user stories. 

Where I want to be: On Wednesday we contributed the user stories within the group and made estimations regarding velocity and effort. It is important that I help to make sure those estimations are as precise as possible.

How to get there: By attending upcoming meetings and working continuously on the distributed user story.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

Where I am: 

From last week:
•	Start the coding process
•	Meet with the terminal guy
•	Attend all important meetings

My main goal from last week/sprint was to get the build of the project to work properly. After getting in depth help from team members and reading on forums, and still not getting it to work fully, I’ve decided to work closely with Konrad and code together with him. This may be temporary if I get the build to run properly in the future. All other goals set from last week are achieved. 

Where I want to be:

For next week:
•	Finish my user story
•	Learn more about JavaScript and share knowledge 
•	Attend all meetings

How to get there: 

Read articles and watch tutorials on JavaScript. Attend all meetings the group agrees on and work together with Konrad to complete our user story.




